# CS_Sprint_Review_and_Retrospective
   This class gave us a preview of what we will experience in our future careers. The class focused on the human interaction side of project development. One of the objectives of this class is to interpret user needs and implement them into a program. From my life experience, communication tends to be vague, so to interpret a user story usually involves follow up questions. If follow up questions are not possible, I would put my self in the users place and think how would I want the desired results? Implementation would include very clear details on how the desired results would be displayed. Clear and simple communication should be well received. Being very new to the Agile methodology, my approach to developing a program has always been more inline with the Waterfall method, start at the beginning and finish at the end. I'm now adopting more of a "get started and then tackle the harder aspects of the program" approach. I would really like to incorporate the get the most important parts done first method. 
   To me, what it means to be a good team member in software development is to be a team player. If my skills are not on par with the rest of the team then I would need to improve to achieve the level of success of the rest of my team members. If my skills were ahead of my team members level, I would need to mentor and help out as much as I could. The greatest thing you can do is a team member is support other members as much as you can. Team members will get tired, frustrated, and burnt out. If you see someone struggling, ask them how you can help, even if it means you get a little behind. This support goes a long way.
